<h1>Tutorial: Create a Remarketing List </h1>
<p>In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a predictive model for customer conversion based on a combination of in-house CRM data and Google Analytics Premium logs. It consists of an initial code lab using pre-generated sample data, followed by a detailed implementation guide that shows you how to put predictive analytics into practice using your own data.</p>

<p>The example scenario is that of a car dealership chain with showrooms across the nation. Your company website provides general information and advertises your latest promotions, but all actual car sales happen in-person in one of your showrooms. Wouldn't it be great if you could find out which website visitors are most likely to visit your showroom and take a test drive if you reach out to them?

Conveniently, the internal company CRM system has a field, customer_level, that records the level of engagement the customer has had with the company to date. A value of 3, for example, means that the customer has been on a test drive. A value of 5 means that the customer has made a car purchase.

In an attempt to analyse this existing data and better understand how their website has affected customers' decisions and behaviour in the past, the company has linked their historical Google Analytics Premium log data and the relevant CRM customer records together. They now want to build a statistical model from the historical data, with the aim of using this model to predict future behaviour and prioritise remarketing efforts towards website visitors who seem most likely to further engage based on their web browsing on the corporate website.

To this end, the company has added a field in the CRM called CV_flag to indicate whether a customer has at least taken a test drive. In other words, CV_flag will be 1 if the customer_level is 3 or higher, and 0 otherwise. They have created a set of training data based on historical GAP logs linked to specific customers in the CRM, including the CV_flag variable, and now it is your job to take this data and build a statistical model (in the implementation guide you will learn how to create this type of training data using your own data).</p>
